and we are with him to make a list of
The main novelties that this
terminal
to replace galaxy that box that is
the previous telephone that the signature
Korean had as flagship
main differences that we found
outside an estuary have deep
but it practically does not affect the size
which is really what we want
Compare that's a little higher
of s 5 but nevertheless we win in
thickness we gain because it is thinner
samsung galaxy s 5 and as you can see
here higher in width are
practically the same we're going to put that
4 ahead a little bit wider
galaxy of 5 and you can see it here because
Is this mainly by things
one side we have a 5.1 screen
inches with which we grow a little bit
the galaxy s 4 but it is also a
of the great novelties that this
Samsung Galaxy S 5 is that it is resistant
To the water to be resistant to water there
that create a watertight compartment what
that makes the terminal
slightly in size you do not see that it is not
a lot of fact we can buy it
easily compare here and that is that
profiles are still very tight today
I want to attract only a little bit bigger
of what we have got used to samsung
that are usually very small but it is
because of that to that compartment
tight to achieve resistance to
water make the phone think that a
little in size yet we get 5
point in inches in a very fair size
in the hand fits perfectly is handled
very very good
we come to all the buttons without any
type of problem we are on that
we left a very small hand but maybe
we must know what we are facing
when we are with a 5.1 phone
inches is the samsung galaxy s 5 account
with a qualcomm snapdragon processor
801 this is an evolutionary step regarding
its predecessor I explain a little
over right now we have in the market
3 processor is the snapdragon of 800 thousand
800 bird and the 800 ac this 800 ac is called
it is also known as snapdragon 801
which is precisely what
there is not much difference between these
We have already explained the terminals in
a free android article
but it is important to keep it in mind
we are with a process a little bit more
powerful that wins but good is
true the design the design changes
slightly and especially especially in
the back side as you see the curves
laterals are still maintained we continue
having this profile that simulates a bit
a metallic finish and as I said is the
rear which unlike more
they change both the material and the
finished the material has a feeling
much less plastic seems maybe
remember the tablet maybe a nexus 7
such a thing is it is difficult to write
which is a much more pleasant touch
it's not so similar to plastic as
we had in s 3 or in lc 4
there are different colors we have four
colors the white the copper the black and the
blue this is metallic blue is not a
pretty attractive color
and will be and is done through the
Rear interchangeable housings these
Interchangeable housings is a detail
very important to keep in mind since
samsung has managed to keep that
we can remove the back cover
let's check it
while the phone is still
water resistant this this does not
it means that without the bone shell
represents water as you can see here
we have some small profiles that
prevent water from entering this part
which is the part of the battery and the
sim card and the microsd card that
I would go here
then it is that you have all the good is
that samsung has gotten us to have
still the removable battery and the
microsd card that are a must
entity every time we get a
water resistance
very interesting we stayed for the
back of the phone because
we have two novelties we have a camera
16-megapixel rear not only that
but also according to samsung is the
Fastest market approach and fair
under a floro pulse reader that
we will try to see how it works and this
of this little sensor that you see here is
a reader to read the pulse that connects
with applications like that of samsung
and it allows us then our pulse to
add it to exercise this
type of applications we go to the
front part the front
It also includes a great novelty that
has the samsung galaxy is 5 and is
this button this button that yes it seems
the physical button that are 600 terminals
they have a very new thing and that is that it has
a fingerprint reader we have
preconfigured for
configuration we have to go through again
eight times our fingerprint and
that mode is to save the memory already
from there, it helps us to unlock
the phone we simply have to
pass like this
and as you can see it is unlocked by reading
our pirate footprint then
we enter the interface in the phone
touchwiz is still very similar have
changed some things on the screen
initial then everyone how is this
remember much governed from the access
left but in this case we enter
you kill
the icons as you see have not changed
maybe it sounds to you that if there should be
changed where we found the
new icons is here
the adjustment zone comes with these
new icons of where if we go into
adjustments themselves and not in these
quick judgments we already see the total change
these are the new icons that we have
in the gospel samsung galaxy s 5
let's try some things over here
for example I knew he had said that
we had the pulse reader and reader
We can find it in the sky
and from here heart rate
we will simply have to press the
leave the button your finger on the sensor
and in a while it will end of means
I'm a little bit accelerated 106
beats per minute is simply a
example of how new you have got
another thing that we liked a lot
this had already had him in his last
tablet bed
but finally samsung has put the button
of multitasking within the
main buttons we have the button
home the back button and the button
of multitasking that used to be from a menu
way that integrates much better with
Android is that we can do it we have
this this personalized menu of
multitasking by samsung and from here
we can access the latest
applications delete them
android 4.4 series kitkat that wants
say that as we name our
phone we will not have to update and
let's meet with android 4.4 15
years
so this is the first look that
we are casting the samsung galaxy s 5